DOC: Reorganize contents of stats User Guide section (#20202)
scipy/scipy: doc/source/tutorial/stats/probability_distributions.rst

Probability distributions
-------------------------

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    continuous
    discrete

>     building_distributions

Reviewer: Per another comment, `building_distributions` would be removed from this list and the content moved to the bottom of this document.

Can we include links to the `continuous` and `discrete` pages after there is some context like below?

Author: I have done both: moved the ToC for continuous and discrete distributions down for previous context, and also added the text you suggested. We can leave both or simplify, it's up to you. Thanks!

There are two general distribution classes that have been implemented
for encapsulating :ref:`continuous random variables
<continuous-random-variables>` and :ref:`discrete random variables
<discrete-random-variables>`. Over 80 continuous random variables
(RVs) and 10 discrete random variables have been implemented using

> these classes. Besides this, new routines and distributions can be
> easily added by the end user. (If you create one, please contribute it.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these classes. For mathematical reference information about individual
distributions, please see:

<links to continuous and discrete distribution reference pages>

Besides these, new distributions can be added by the end user.
```

Author: I captured this change but also added a ToC later in the document highlighting the distributions. Let me know what you think.
